Common sense is like deodorant. The people who need it most never use it.
Why be a king when you can be a jester? Life's too short to be serious all the time.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The best way to teach your kids about taxes is to eat 30% of their ice cream.
If at first, you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
I'm on a seafood dietI see food, and I eat it.
If you think nothing is impossible, try slamming a revolving door.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves.
Behind every great man, there is a woman rolling her eyes.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Never let your best friends get lonely, keep disturbing them.
If Cinderella's shoe fit perfectly, then why did it fall off?
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
My wallet is like an onion, opening it makes me cry.
Friends buy you food. Best friends eat your food.
Papercut: A tree's final moment of revenge.
Life always offers you a second chance. It's called tomorrow.
My six pack is protected by a layer of fat.
When nothing is going right, go left.
If you have crazy friends you have everything you'll ever need.
I'm not running away from hard work, I'm too lazy to run.
Don't make me laugh, I'm trying to be mad at you.
Maybe if we tell people the brain is an app, they'll start using it.
Some people are like clouds. When they go away, it's a brighter day.
At night, I can't fall asleep. In the morning, I can't get up.
If we shouldn't eat at night, why is there a light in the fridge?
I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
I didn't fall, I'm just spending some quality time with the floor.
Lottery: a tax on people who are bad at math.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you have got.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven “ate” nine.
I only check my voicemail to get rid of the annoying little icon.
My windows aren't dirty, my dog is painting.
Today, I laughed until my abs started hurting, so I can skip the gym.
I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
I said yes, which turned out to be the right answer.
The only power you have is the word 'no'.
Art doesn't transform. It just plain forms.
I said “no” to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen.
Every day is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
Of course, I talk to myself, sometimes I need expert advice.
Yes, of course, I am athletic, I surf the Internet every day.
My silence spoke a thousand words, but you never heard them.
I really should do something with my life, maybe tomorrow.
I love my job only when I'm on vacation.
Always follow your heart, but remember to bring your brain along.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
You wanna know who I'm in love with? Read the first word again.
I'm not arguing, I'm just telling you why you're wrong.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
I always carry a knife in my purse, just in case we're having cake.
I am on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it.
If Monday had a face, I would punch it.
A balanced diet means a cupcake in each hand.
My house was clean yesterday, sorry you missed it.
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it is not open.
Relax, it's the weekend, just don't blink or it will be all over.
The only relationship I have is with my Wifi. We have a connection.
All my life I thought air was free, until I bought a bag of chips.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Doing nothing is hard, you never know when you're done.
Square box, round pizza, triangle slices, now that's confusing.
Don't give up on your dreams so soon, sleep longer.
I'm not lazy, I'm just very relaxed.
Never ask a starfish for directions.
I lost some weight once, but I found it again in the fridge.
Yesterday I did nothing and today I'm finishing what I did yesterday.
I'm not lazy, I'm on power saving mode.
If only common sense were more common.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
You can stop driving me crazy, I can walk from here.
Every weekend I do what I love most, absolutely nothing.
Why do they call it beauty sleep when you wake up looking terrible?
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
Who says nothing is impossible? I've been doing nothing for years.
I eat cake because it's someone's birthday somewhere today.
Exercise? I thought you said extra fries.
What do I do for a living? I breathe in and out.
My boss is like a baby, screams and wakes me up every half hour.
Give me a photo of you so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas.
Why is Monday so far from Friday, and Friday so close to Monday?
Never judge a book by its movie.
Don't worry, the spider is smaller than you. Yeah, so is a grenade.
I hate Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and half of Fridays.
I may not know karate, but I know crazy and I'm not afraid to use it.
I don't like morning people, or mornings, or people.
Why cry for someone when you can laugh next to someone else?
If lying was a job some people would be billionaires.
I'm old enough to know better, but young enough to do it anyway.
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
There's life without Facebook and internet? Really? Send me the link.
I'm not weird, I'm just limited edition.
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad.
Don't drink to forget me, you'll end up seeing me double.
It's not important to win, it's important to make the other guy lose.
I am too lazy to be lazy.
Yes, officer, I saw the speed limit, I just didn't see your car.
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
I have a new hairstyle today, it's called 'I tried.'
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
I'm multitasking: I can listen, ignore and forget at the same time.
Smile today, tomorrow could be worse.
To the guy who created imaginary numbers in math: I hate you.
I never apologize. I'm sorry, but that's just the way I am.
If you think nothing is impossible, try slamming a revolving door.
He who wakes up early, yawns all day long.
My imaginary friend thinks he has problems.
Relationships these days start by pressing LIKE on her photo.
If you don't succeed at first, hide all evidence that you tried.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
I tried looking at the bright side of life, but it hurt my eyes.
Marriage is like a walk in the park, Jurassic Park.
Sometimes when I close my eyes, I can't see.
Never let a fool kiss you, or a kiss fool you.
He who laughs last didn't get it.
When our phones fall, we panic; but when our friends fall, we laugh.
To make time fly, throw your watch out the window.
The best things in life are free. The rest are too expensive.
I don't go crazy, I am crazy. I just go normal from time to time.
Friends come and go, but enemies remain and build up.
Never test how deep the water is with both feet.
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed.
Be careful when you follow the masses. Sometimes the 'M' is silent.
With great power comes an even greater electricity bill.
Life is always rocky when you're a gem.
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the up button.
I don't need anger management, you just need to stop making me angry.
I put my phone in airplane mode, but it's not flying.
You're born free, then you're taxed to death.
I've made it from the bed to the couch. There's no stopping me now.
Whenever I am sad I go to my favorite place, the fridge.
Those who snore always fall asleep first.
The chains on my mood swing just snapped. Run.
My diet for today: 1% food, 99% Halloween candy.
Home: Where I can look ugly and not care.
Our toaster has two settings: too soon or too late.
Today I was a hero. I rescued some beer that was trapped in a bottle.
You never run out of things that can go wrong.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Smiles are contagious, be a carrier.
Life is like a very long TV show, without a remote control.
I'm in desperate need of a 6-month vacation, twice a year.
I love my computer because all my friends live inside it.
My wife and I were happy for 20 years, then we met.
God heals, and the doctor takes the fees.
Remember: Don't Insult the Alligator till after you cross the river.
Bowling Alley: Please be quiet. We need to hear a pin drop.
Are these genes in your jeans or are you just happy to see me?
After Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says W T F.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to Santa.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs.
How do you count cows? With a cowculator.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
I wish my wallet came with free refills.
An apple a day keeps anyone a way, if you throw it hard enough.
It may look like I'm doing nothing, but in my head, I'm quite busy.
Be strong, I whispered to my WiFi signal.
You never know what you have, until you clean your closet.
I enjoy taking long romantic walks, to the fridge.
For the best seat in the house, you'll have to move the dog.
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
You kill vegetarian vampires with a steak to the heart.
If you want to catch a squirrel just climb a tree and act like a nut.
I used to have winter fat but now I have spring rolls.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Pampered cows produce spoiled milk.
I heard a great joke about amnesia but I forgot it.
Learn sign language, it's very handy.
Thank God I'm an atheist.
The biggest critics of my books are the people who never read them.
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
If at first, you don't succeed, so much for skydiving.
I tell you what always catches my eye. Short people with an umbrella.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
I bet giraffes don't even know what farts smell like.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
I didn't give you the finger, you earned it.
The early bird catches the worm, eats more and dies sooner.
My dream job would be the Karma delivery service.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Can February march? No, but April may.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? 'Oh sheet!'
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
How do trees access the internet? They log in.
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
